Wherein the hero makes a sacrifice for religion.
Wherein a long-lost one appears or is discovered unexpectedly.
Wherein a dog or other animal unexpectedly comes to the rescue.
Wherein a pursuing enemy proves to be a loved one in disguise.
Wherein it is discovered that a supposedly absent person is present. 
Wherein the enemy forces are attacked by rivals affording relief to principals.
Wherein an officer in pursuit of the hero and knowing him to be innocent allows him to escape.
Wherein one is saved by an unrecognized person whom he has befriended in the past. 
Wherein a witness proves to be mad or deranged.
In which the enemy is betrayed by an accomplice.
Wherein the enemy discovers that the person he is persecuting is a friend or loved one. 
Wherein a character feigns dead, hurt or vanquished and then surprises the enemy.
Wherein any object which plays a part in the story develops to be other than it was thought to be.
Wherein it is discovered that a mistake has been made in the parentage of a character.
In which the enemy is frightened by what appears to be a spiritual manifestation, and surrenders.
Wherein a child of tender age heretofore unnoticed proves to be an important witness.
Wherein the supposedly insane person who has given important evidence is proven sane.
Wherein tragic events develop to be nothing but a dream or the creation of a disordered mind.
Wherein an apparent miracle of heaven occurs to deliver a character in the story.
Wherein the enemy discovers that he is unjustly persecuting the hero and acts accordingly.
In which that which appears to be a misfortune is a blessing in disguise. 
Wherein a chain of tragic events develops to be a story that someone is telling.
Wherein a timid girl unexpectedly wades into a fight and comes out victorious.
Wherein what appeared to be a tragic situation in the story is in reality a ridiculous mistake. 
Wherein the enemy discovers that he is persecuting the wrong person, and releases the hero.
Wherein a revenge to be perpetrated is so horrible that it en- meshes the enemy. 
Wherein the enemy in disguise meets the man whom he is impersonating.
Wherein the enemy is betrayed by a woman whom he has scorned or abused.
Wherein the slain or wounded loved one proves to be in
reality the enemy in disguise.
Wherein a person who has made a sacrifice of himself is suddenly and unexpectedly delivered.
Wherein the enemy is demoralized by an unexpected show of authority.
In which it is proven that what has appeared to be the commission of a crime was all a mistake.
Wherein it develops that confusion has been caused by the presence of twins or triplets.
In which belated evidence comes in after it seems that everything is lost.
Wherein the positions of the hero and enemy are suddenly reversed.
Wherein the law swoops down on the enemy.
Wherein a disaster is prevented by a strike.
Wherein the hero makes a sacrifice to religion.
Wherein rivals attack the enemy.
Wherein the enemy proves to be mad or deranged.
Wherein disaster is prevented by a storm.
Wherein old enemies swoop down on the enemy.
Wherein the hero makes a sacrifice for a loved one.
Wherein disaster is prevented by a riot.
In which the enemy is led into a trap.
Wherein a captor proves to be a friend in disguise.
Wherein a disaster is prevented by a flood or fire.
Wherein a witness proves to be mad or deranged.
In which the enemy is betrayed by an accomplice.
Wherein the enemy makes a sacrifice for a loved one.
Wherein the hero makes a sacrifice for an unfortunate. 
Wherein the enemy in disguise meets the man whom he is impersonating.
Wherein the enemy is betrayed by a woman whom he has scorned or abused.
Wherein the slain or wounded loved one proves to be in reality the enemy in disguise.
Wherein a person who has made a sacrifice of himself is suddenly and unexpectedly delivered.
Wherein the enemy is demoralized by an unexpected show of authority.
In which it is proven that what has appeared to be the commission of a crime was all a mistake.
Wherein it develops that confusion has been caused by the presence of twins or triplets.
In which belated evidence comes in after it seems that everything is lost.
Wherein the positions of the hero and enemy are suddenly reversed.
Wherein the law swoops down on the enemy.
Wherein a disaster is prevented by a strike.
Wherein the hero makes a sacrifice to religion.
Wherein rivals attack the enemy.
Wherein the enemy proves to be mad or deranged.
Wherein disaster is prevented by a storm.
Wherein old enemies swoop down on the enemy.
Wherein the hero makes a sacrifice for a loved one.
Wherein disaster is prevented by a riot.
In which the enemy is led into a trap.
Wherein a captor proves to be a friend in disguise.
Wherein a disaster is prevented by a flood or fire.
Wherein a witness proves to be mad or deranged.
In which the enemy is betrayed by an accomplice.
Wherein the enemy makes a sacrifice for a loved one.
Wherein the hero makes a sacrifice for an unfortunate. 
Wherein a new invention or scientific discovery is brought into play to clear up a mystery or solve a problem.
Wherein a snake, spider or other poisonous small thing, suddenly attacks the enemy and brings him down.
Wherein a man who is supposedly physically incapable or a cripple, enters into a fight on the side of the right and comes out victorious.
Wherein a judge or other court official at a trial develops tohave been a witness or implicated in the case before him.
Wherein the actions of a character have all along been misunderstood, and the truth comes out in logical sequence.
Wherein enemies are caused to turn against one another with the result that the hero and heroine are absolved.
Wherein the enemy is induced to bargain, causing a delay which makes it possible for him to be vanquished.
Wherein a disaster is prevented by the results of an entirely different conflict between other persons.
Wherein the hero makes a sacrifice for one who has a better right.
Wherein an old hag turns out to be a pretty young girl.
Wherein a novel and unexpected method is hit upon to effect an escape.
Wherein one is saved by an unloved one who loves secretly.
Wherein it is discovered that a supposedly dead person is alive.
Wherein it develops that the enemy is in reality non-existent.
Wherein the enemy is betrayed or defeated by inconsequential evidence.
Wherein a tragic situation is shown to be merely a huge joke.
Wherein it develops that a person is impersonating himself or herself.
Wherein an imprisoned loved one proves to be in reality an enemy in disguise.
Wherein a persecutor thought to be a loved one is in reality an enemy in disguise. 
Wherein a victorious opponent proves to be a friend in disguise.
Wherein a vanquished loved one proves to be in reality an enemy in disguise. 
Wherein a captor proves to be a friend in disguise.
Wherein a person who is presumed to be a victim proves to be the victimizer. 
Wherein an enemy makes a sacrifice for one who has a better right. 
Wherein a persecutor proves to be a loved one in disguise.
In which the enemy is compelled by force to confess or capitulate.
In which the identity of a character has been mistaken.
Wherein an enemy makes a sacrifice to a memory or sentiment.
Wherein a disaster is prevented by a vigilante movement.
Wherein an avenger develops to be a partner in crime.
Wherein a character in the story appears in disguise.
Wherein the hero makes a sacrifice to a memory or sentiment.
Wherein the enemy is attacked by mistake by his friends.
Wherein hypnotism is used to disclose important facts.
Wherein a character unwittingly proves himself a hero.
Wherein there has been a miscalculation in time or dates.
Wherein an enemy makes a sacrifice for honor or principle.
Wherein unexpected assistance arrives from the outside.
Wherein a disaster is prevented by rebellion or revolt.
Wherein the hero makes a sacrifice for honor or principle.
Wherein victory is won by the hero through a mistake on the part of the enemy.
Wherein the hero is saved by an unfortunate he has befriended in the past.
Wherein the supposed slain loved one proves to be the enemy in disguise.
Wherein the hero is permitted to escape by means of a mechanical invention of his own. 
Wherein the enemy encounters an ambush.
Wherein the enemy is frightened by what appears to be a supernatural manifestation, and surrenders.
Wherein an act of God brings about the downfall of the enemy.
Wherein the enemy falls into a trap he has set for the hero.
Wherein the hero is saved by an unknown benefactor.
Wherein belated evidence saves the hero after all appears to be lost.
Wherein the enemy is betrayed by a person whom he has wronged in the past.
Wherein the enemy is defeated through a miscalculation on his part.
Wherein the hero is suddenly and unexpectedly delivered by one in the guise of a god.
In which a chain of events proves to be staged by a clever detective in order to solve a crime.
In which it develops that an ally of the enemy is a friend of the hero.
Wherein a near-tragedy proves to be a blessing in disguise.
Wherein the actions of the supposed enemy prove to have been misunderstood, and the truth comes out in logical sequence.
In which an outside interference interrupts matters long enough for the hero to place himself in a position to conquer the enemy.
Wherein one who is on the point of disclosing facts which will bring about ruin to the hero, is killed or dies of natural causes.
In which the enemy places himself in a position to incur the enmity of forces aside from the hero and allies, and is therefore overwhelmed.
Wherein it is brought out that the enemy is acting under false instructions, and is righted by his superiors. 
Wherein an inconsequential act of the hero brings about the downfall of the enemy.
Wherein the allies of the enemy set upon him by mistake.
Wherein the enemy unwittingly plays into the hands of the hero.
Wherein a minor character secures aid for the hero.
In which mistaken identity is disclosed, thereby solving the problem.
A loved one feigns illness or death in order to secure information necessary for victory.
An ally of the enemy is discovered masquerading as a friend of the hero.
A chief witness against the hero or principals is found to be insane.
Wherein the hero sacrifices himself for one he deems more worthy.
In which it is disclosed that what appeared to be a crime is a mistake.
Wherein it develops that a character in the story has a dual personality.
In which the captor proves to be a friend who is rescuing the hero from a greater catastrophe.
Wherein it is proven that a mistake has been made in the parentage of a character.
In which a supposedly old man turns out to be young and virile.
In which the enemy, masquerading as a friend of the hero, meets the person he impersonates.
Wherein the victimizer becomes a victim of his own scheme. 

