Deception threatens loss of relief.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of fame.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of love.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of advantage to a loved one.
Revenge is sought against a kinsman who has committed a crime.
There is a child who is not wanted.
Deception threatens loss of fame.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of love.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive loved one of achievement. Revenge is sought against an immortal for having brought loss of loved one.
Deception threatens loss of health.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of power.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of fame. 
Revenge is sought against an immortal for having brought loss of name.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of advantage by a loved one.
Deception threatens loss of love.
Romance threatens a sacrifice of power.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of reward.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of achievement.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of position to a loved one.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of riches.
Deception threatens a loss of power.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of health.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of reward.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive a loved one of liberty.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of happiness.
Deception threatens loss of advantage.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of power.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of relief to a loved one.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of advantage to a loved one.
Deception threatens loss of reward.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of position.
There is a rivalry between kinsmen for riches.
Fatal ambition threatens loss of achievement to a loved one.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of loved one.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of achievement.
Deception threatens loss of riches.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of relief.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of love.
Loss of valuable properties threatened by kinsman.
There is a rivalry between unequals for achievement.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of health.
Remorse threatens to result in self-destruction.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of achievement.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of a loved one.
There is a rivalry between unequals for advantage. 
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of power.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of advantage.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of happiness.
There is a rivalry between kinsmen for love.
Loss of liberty is threatened by a kinsman.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of life.
There is a rivalry between unequals for power.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of liberty.
Deception threatens loss of loved one.
Mental derangement threatened by a kinsman.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of fame.
There is a rivalry between kinsmen for reward.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of liberty.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of position.
There is a rivalry between unequals for fame.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of revenge.
Deception threatens loss of happiness.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of advantage.
There is a rivalry between kinsmen for achievement.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of reward.
There is a rivalry between kinsmen for advantage.
Deception threatens loss of achievement.
Superstition stands in the way of relief.
There is a rivalry between unequals for riches.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of liberty.
Deception threatens loss of position.
There is a rivalry between kinsmen for power.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of advantage.
A kinsman threatens to bring humiliation or shame.
There is a rivalry between unequals for position.
Deception threatens loss of liberty.
Superstition threatens loss of desired possession.
There is a rivalry between unequals for love. 
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of riches. 
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of riches.
There is a rivalry between kinsmen for fame.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of reward.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of relief.
There is a rivalry between kinsmen for position.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of relief.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of position.
There is a rivalry between unequals for reward.
Remorse threatens to result in commission of crime.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of happiness.
Physical misfortune or injuries threatened by a kinsman.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive loved one of health.
Deception threatens the loss of riches by a loved one.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of fame by a loved one.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of life.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of health to a loved one.
Loss of reputation or good name threatened by a kinsman.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive one of achievement.
There is a rivalry between mortal and immortal for power.
Revenge is sought against a kinsman who has given insult.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of revenge to a loved one.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of relief.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of power by a loved one.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive loved one of power.
There is a rivalry between mortal and immortal for riches.
Deception threatens the loss of health by a loved one.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of reward by a loved one.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of riches to a loved one.
There is a rivalry between mortal and immortal for fame.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of liberty.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive loved one of position.
Deception threatens the loss of revenge by a loved one.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of reward to a loved one.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of love. 
There is a rivalry between mortal and immortal for reward.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of happiness by a loved one.
Fatal ambition threatens life of loved one.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of power.
There is a rivalry between mortal and immortal for love.
Deception threatens the loss of advantage by a loved one.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive loved one of fame.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of relief by a loved one.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of fame.
There is a rivalry between mortal and immortal for position.
Deception threatens loss of achievement by a loved one.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of tove to a loved one.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of revenge by a loved one.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of health.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive loved one of revenge.
Revenge is sought against a kinsman who has joined the enemy.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of position.
Deception threatens the loss of love by a loved one.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of riches by a loved one.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive loved one of love.
There is a rivalry between mortal and immortal for achievement.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of happiness to a loved one.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of fame to a loved one.
Deception threatens the loss of happiness to a loved one.
Revenge is sought against a kinsman who has deserted a loved one.
An illicit love affair or adultery threatens loss of happiness. 
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive loved one of advantage. 
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of life to a loved one. 
An illicit love affair threatens loss of fame to a loved one. 
Deception threatens loss of life by a loved one. 
Revenge is sought against an immortal for having brought loss of mind
An illicit love affair threatens loss of revenge to a loved one.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of position by a loved one.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive a loved one of happiness.
Revenge is sought against a kinsman who has brought misfortune to a loved one.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of life to a loved one.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of achievement by a loved one.
Deception threatens the loss of position by a loved one.
Revenge is sought against an immortal for having brought loss of health.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of happiness to a loved one.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of reward to a loved one.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of liberty by a loved one.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of relief to a loved one.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of health by a loved one.
Deception threatens the loss of liberty by a loved one.
Revenge is sought against an immortal for having brought loss of liberty.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of power to a loved one.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive a loved one of riches.
Deception threatens the loss of reward by a loved one.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of liberty to a loved one.
Revenge is sought against an immortal for having brought loss of happiness.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of liberty to a loved one.
Remorse threatens a sacrifice of love by a loved one.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of position to a loved one.
There is a rivalry between mortal and immortal for advantage.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive loved one of reward.
Deception threatens loss of power by a loved one.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of achievement to a loved one. 
Revenge is sought against an immortal for having brought loss of life.
Fatal indiscretion threatens loss of life to a loved one.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of love to a loved one.
Deception threatens the loss of fame by a loved one.
Remorse threatens sacrifice of health by a loved one.
Fatal ambition threatens to deprive loved one of relief.
An illicit love affair threatens loss of riches to a loved one.
Revenge is sought against an immortal for having brought loss of riches. 

