Loss of home is threatened.
Serious injury is threatened.
Disaster is threatened by fire.
Loss of power is threatened. 
Learn that a loved one is immoral.
Disaster is threatened by epidemic.
Life is endangered by a strike.
Loss of liberty is threatened.
Mental derangement is threatened.
Banishment is threatened.
Disaster threatened by storm.
Loss of fame is threatened.
Learn that a loved one is a spy.
Loss of health is threatened.
Disaster is threatened by revolt.
Loss of victory is threatened.
Learn that a loved one is a liar.
Loss of position is threatened.
Disaster is threatened by strike.
Loss of reward is threatened.
Loss of love is threatened.
Disaster is threatened by mutiny.
Learn that a loved one is a robber.
Loss of use of limbs threatened.
Disaster is threatened by boycott.
Learn that a loved one is a coward.
Loss of fortune is threatened.
Serious injury is threatened to loved one.
Immediate loss of life is threatened.
Loss of happiness is threatened.
Disaster is threatened by flood.
Loss of honor is threatened.
Learn that a loved one is a deceiver.
Loss of achievement is threatened.
Disaster is threatened by race riot.
Loss of honor of a loved one is threatened.
Banishment of a loved one is threatened.
Disaster is threatened by a religious war. 
Loss of reward of a loved one is threatened.
Learn that a loved one is dishonorable.
Loss of liberty of a loved one is threatened.
About to slay a son who is unrecognized.
Loss of home of loved one is threatened.
Learn that a loved one is disloyal.
Loss of sight, hearing or other senses is threatened.
Loss of health of a loved one is threatened.
About to slay a father who is unrecognized.
Loss of power of a loved one is threatened.
Disaster is threatened by mysterious forces.
About to slay a mother who is unrecognized.
Fortune is threatened by a religious revolt.
Loss of victory of a loved one is threatened.
Learn that a loved one is a fugitive from justice.
Disaster is threatened by enemy creatures.
About to slay a brother who is unrecognized.
Threatened with banishment by a tyrant ruler.
Power is threatened by a religious revolt.
About to slay a sister who is unrecognized.
Learn that a loved one is a swindler.
Disaster is threatened by heat or cold.
Insanity threatens loss of happiness.
Liberty is threatened by a strike.
There is a threatened boycott.
Learn that a loved one is a thief.
Disaster is threatened by explosion.
Insanity threatens loss of life.
Power is threatened by a blackmailer.
There is a threatened class war.
Reward is threatened by strike.
Disaster is threatened by a class war.
Life endangered by religious revolt.
Learn that a loved one is an enemy. 
Insanity threatens loss of loved one.
Position is threatened by a strike.
Mind is threatened by a blackmailer.
Disaster is threatened by an earthquake.
Learn that a loved one is a murderer.
There is a threatened race riot.
Insanity threatens loss of fortune.
Life is threatened by a blackmailer.
Fortune is threatened by a strike.
Disaster is threatened by drought.
There is a threatened religious upheaval.
Liberty is threatened by a blackmailer.
About to slay a relative who is unrecognized.
Loss of fortune of loved one is threatened.
A loved one is threatened by a blackmailer.
Threatened with expulsion from an institution.
Learn that a loved one is mentally deranged.
Threatened with banishment by legal proceedings.
Mental derangement of loved one is threatened.
About to slay a daughter who is unrecognized.
Happiness is threatened by a blackmailer.
Insanity threatens loss of power.
There is a threatened strike.
Power is threatened by a strike.
Disaster is threatened by an epidemic.
Love is threatened by a blackmailer.
There is a threatened mutiny.
Disaster is threatened by the vengeance of a kinsman.
Immediate loss of life of a loved one is threatened.
About to permit an unrecognized brother to commit suicide.
About to be obliged to sacrifice a parent to God or principle.
About to permit an unrecognized loved one to be executed.
Loss of sight, hearing, or other senses of a loved one is threatened.
About to permit an unrecognized relative to undertake a fatal mission.
About to permit an unrecognized sister to be murdered.
About to permit an unrecognized daughter to perish in fire.
About to be obliged to sacrifice a brother to God or principle.
About to slay a loved one who is unrecognized.
Loss of position of a loved one is threatened.
Fortune is threatened by a blackmailer.
About to permit an unrecognized son to drown.
Loss of fame of loved one is threatened.
About to permit an unrecognized daughter to commit suicide.
About to be obliged to sacrifice a lover to country.
About to permit an unrecognized mother to be murdered.
About to be obliged to sacrifice a sister to God or principle.
About to permit an unrecognized brother to undertake a fatal mission.
About to be obliged to sacrifice a sister to country.
About to permit an unrecognized father to drown.
Loss of use of limbs of a loved one is threatened.
About to permit an unrecognized son to starve.
About to permit an unrecognized loved one to commit suicide.
About to be obliged to sacrifice a child to God or principle.
About to permit an unrecognized son to be murdered.
Learn that a loved one is a slave to passion or habit.
About to permit an unrecognized relative to be executed.
About to permit an unrecognized loved one to perish in fire.
About to permit an unrecognized daughter to undertake a
fatal mission.
Loss of achievement of a loved one is threatened.
About to permit an unrecognized sister to drown.
About to permit an unrecognized mother to be executed.
Name is threatened by a blackmailer.
About to permit an unrecognized father to be executed. 
About to permit an unrecognized relative to starve.
About to be obliged to sacrifice a kinsman to God or principle.
About to permit an unrecognized son to perish in fire.
About to permit an unrecognized daughter to drown.
About to be obliged to sacrifice a child to country.
About to permit an unrecognized son to be executed.
About to permit an unrecognized mother to commit suicide.
About to permit an unrecognized son to undertake a fatal
mission. About to be obliged to sacrifice a lover to God or principle.
About to permit an unrecognized father to be murdered.
About to permit an unrecognized sister to starve.
About to be obliged to sacrifice a kinsman to country.
About to permit an unrecognized brother to perish in fire.
About to permit an unrecognized loved one to undertake a
fatal mission.
About to permit an unrecognized sister to commit suicide.
About to permit an unrecognized father to be murdered.
About to permit an unrecognized loved one to drawn.
About to permit an unrecognized mother to starve.
About to permit an unrecognized daughter to be executed.
About to be obliged to blackmail an unrecognized loved one.
About to be obliged to sacrifice a brother to country.
About to permit an unrecognized sister to undertake a fatal
mission.
About to permit an unrecognized relative to commit suicide.
About to permit an unrecognized sister to perish in fire.
About to permit an unrecognized loved one to be murdered.
About to permit an unrecognized relative to drown. About to permit an unrecognized sister to be executed. About to permit an unrecognized father to starve.
About to be obliged to sacrifice a parent to country. About to permit an unrecognized mother to drown. About to permit an unrecognized father to undertake a fatal mission, 
About to permit an unrecognized son to commit suicide.
About to permit an unrecognized relative to perish in fire.
About to permit an unrecognized daughter to be murdered.
About to permit an unrecognized brother to drown.
About to permit an unrecognized loved one to starve.
About to permit an unrecognized brother to be executed.
About to permit an unrecognized mother to perish jin fire. About to permit an unrecognized father to commit suicide.
About to permit an unrecognized brother to be murdered.
About to permit an unrecognized mother to undertake a fatal
mission.
About to permit an unrecognized brother to starve.
About to permit an unrecognized father to perish in fire.
About to permit an unrecognized daughter to starve.
Loss of happiness of a loved one is threatened. 
