Lover is beloved’s political enemy.
Duty to profession stands in the way.
Kin of beloved has disgraced lover.
Lover and beloved are business rivals.
Lover and beloved are related by blood.
Betrothal of loved one stands in way. 
The match is opposed by a mother.
Beloved is infatuated with another.
A difference in rank stands in way.
Lover is held prisoner.
Lover and beloved are cousins.
‘The match is opposed by children.
Difference of belief stands in way.
Lover does not recognize beloved one.
Lover is accused of being deranged.
Lover has a past to conceal.
Duty to country stands in way.
Lover must recover a lost person.
Beloved’s kin has injured lover.
The match is opposed by a grandparent.
Lover feels he is not deserving.
Beloved one does not recognize lover.
Lover has imaginary past to hide.
Beloved spurns the love of lover.
Pride stands in the way of love.
Beloved is supposedly married.
Love is not returned by beloved.
Duty to religion stands in way.
The match is opposed by a guardian.
Feud exists between their families.
The match is opposed by a father.
Lover is her professional rival.
Beloved is accused of being deranged.
Beloved honor bound to pursue lover.
Lover doubts endurance of the beloved.
Beloved has forgotten the lover.
Lover believes love to be futile.
Beloved is in fear of a jealous rival.
Lover is ashamed of his family. 
Marriage of beloved stands in way.
There is a race barrier between them.
Duty to a loved one stands in way.
Lover is a member of an enemy clan.
The match is opposed by a sister of one.
Lover required to recover lost information.
Kin of loved one persecuted lover or kin.
Lovers are social rivals and one inferior.
The loved one is physically incapacitated.
Lover doubtful about identity of beloved.
Beloved falsely accused of being a pauper.
Lover and beloved are brother and sister.
There is imaginary inequality in rank.
Lover has made a solemn vow not to love.
Beloved is not sure that love is returned.
Lover falsely accused of being dishonest.
The match is opposed by a brother of one.
Duty to an unfortunate stands in the way.
Kin of loved one once robbed the lover.
Beloved has imaginary past to hide.
There is a great difference in their ages.
Beloved believes love to be futile.
Beloved doubts the endurance of the lover.
Lover has forgotten the beloved.
Lover is honor bound to pursue beloved.
The match is opposed by children of one.
Lover is pursued by loved one for crime.
Beloved falsely accused of being untrue.
Lover is ashamed of family of beloved.
Beloved does not recognize the lover.
Beloved is in fear of a jealous rival.
Lover required to prevent a catastrophe.
There is a real inequality in education.
There is an imaginary race barrier. 
Lover is falsely accused of being a pauper. 
Beloved feels that she is not deserving.
Beloved is ashamed of family of lover.
Duty to principle stands in the way.
Match is opposed by an uncle or aunt.
Convention stands in way of their meeting.
Beloved conceals her affection for lover.
Lovers are mental rivals and one inferior.
Lover is required to solve a mysterious crime.
Lover is falsely accused of being untrue.
There is an imaginary betrothal of beloved.
Beloved is greatly ashamed of her family.
Lover required to recover a lost valuable.
Lover falsely accused of being mentally unfit.
Lover is physically incapacitated.
Beloved has taken vows against love.
Lovers are business rivals, one inferior.
They are separated by great distance.
A will stands in the way of the union.
Lover has made a solemn vow against love.
Lover has sworn vengeance against beloved.
Lover accused of deception as to his wealth.
Beloved possesses fatal ambition for fame.
Lover is required to prevent a crime or injury.
There is suspected kinship between the lovers.
Lover is possessed with fatal ambition for wealth.
Lover is sworn to bring beloved to justice.
Lover is required to restore health or happiness.
Lovers are professional rivals and one inferior.
Beloved falsely accused of being socially unfit.
Lover required to identify an unknown person.
Lover possesses fatal ambition for fame.
Lover falsely accused of committing a crime.
The lover and beloved are rival leaders.
A contract agreement stands in way of love.
A misunderstanding is caused by enemies.
Professional relationship prohibits union.
Lover's country at war with that of beloved.
Beloved is sworn to bring lover to justice.
A misunderstanding is caused by an accident.
Lover is mistaken by the beloved for an enemy.
A twin of one of the lovers stands in the way.
Beloved falsely accused of being mentally unfit.
Lover accused of deception as to his identity.
Beloved distraught over threatened loss of name.
There is an imaginary inequality in education.
Lover is on opposite legal side from beloved.
Lover possessed with fatal ambition for power.
Beloved imagines she is in love with another.
Lover has sworn vengeance against kin of beloved.
Kinsman of lover accused of being mentally deranged.
Lover falsely accused of being socially unfit.
Lover sworn to bring kin of beloved to justice.
Beloved falsely accused of being dishonest.
‘There is an imaginary difference in their ages.
Beloved distraught over threatened loss of fortune.
Beloved accused of deception as to his authority.
Lover is possessed with fatal ambition for revenge.
Lover is accused of deception as to his position.
Beloved distraught over threatened loss of honor.
The moral relationship of lovers prohibits union.
There is a misunderstanding caused by rivals.
Love balked by threatened permanent separation.
Lover is known to have broken a promise or pledge.
Beloved is pursued by lover for having broken a law.
Business relationship of lovers prohibits a union.
Lover is accused of deception as to his authority.
Lover is required to prevent a terrible injustice. 
Beloved distraught over threatened loss of health.
Beloved is falsely accused of committing an offense.
Lover is required to solve a mystery or phenomenon.
‘There is a great mental difference between the lovers.
An imaginary kinship exists between the lovers.
Beloved possesses a fatal ambition for power.
Lover accused of deception as to social standing.
Social relationship of lovers prohibits a union.
There is great physical difference between them.
Lover is falsely accused of committing an offense.
Beloved possessed with fatal ambition for revenge.
Beloved’s attention distracted by daring effort to overthrow a tyrant.
Kinsman of beloved is possessed with fatal ambition for power.
Beloved distraught over threatened loss of liberty.
Kinsman of beloved accused of being deranged.
Beloved accused of deception in social standing.
Kinsman of beloved is possessed with fatal ambition for fame.
Beloved’s attention distracted by daring effort to stop a rebellion.
Beloved falsely accused of committing a crime.
Lover accused of deception about his accomplishments.
Beloved possessed with fatal ambition for wealth.
Beloved’s attention is distracted by a daring effort to achieve distinction.
Kinsman of beloved is possessed with fatal ambition for revenge.
Beloved accused of deception as to his wealth.
Kinsman of lover possesses fatal ambition for fame.
Beloved accused of deception as to identity.
Beloved’s attention is distracted by daring effort to save people.
Kinsman of beloved is possessed with a fatal ambition for wealth. 
Beloved is accused of deception as to intentions.
Great financial difference exists between lovers.
Lover is accused of deception about accomplishments.
Kinsman of lover is possessed with a fatal ambition for revenge.
Beloved’s attention is distracted by a daring effort to win battle.
Beloved accused of deception as to his position.
There is too great social difference between lovers.
Lover accused of deception as to his intentions.
Kinsman of lover is possessed with a fatal ambition for wealth.
Beloved’s attention is distracted by a daring effort to instigate a rebellion.
Kinsman of lover possesses fatal ambition. 