Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of relief.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of achievement.
An innocent person is accused of having committed a robbery.
Kidnapping is threatened to prevent information being given.
Advantage is threatened by a revolt against authority.
Duty to honor or principle stands in the way of happiness.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of power.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of happiness.
Abduction is threatened by parties desiring valuable information.
An innocent person is accused or suspected of being a coward.
Duty to honor or principle stands in the way of advantage.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of love.
Kidnapping is threatened by parties desiring valuable information.
Madness or mental derangement endangers life. Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of mind. An innocent person is accused of being a slave to passion. : Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of loved one. Abduction is threatened to prevent information being given. Loved one is threatened by a revolt against authority. 
An innocent person is accused of having committed a theft.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of reward.
Duty to honor or principle stands in the way of position.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of advantage.
Kidnapping is threatened by parties desiring revenge.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of advantage.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of liberty.
An innocent person is accused of being a fugitive from justicé.
Abduction is threatened by parties desiring revenge.
Duty to religion stands in way of achievement.
An innocent person is accused of being dishonorable.
Kidnapping is threatened by ransom seekers.
Fortune is threatened by a revolt against authority.
Threatened with banishment by legal proceedings.
An innocent person is accused of being disloyal.
Duty to a loved one stands in the way of reward.
Abduction is the result of mistaken identity.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of position.
An innocent person is accused of having committed a murder.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of loved one.
Duty to honor or principle stands in the way of liberty.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of fortune.
An innocent person is accused of being mentally deranged.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of health.
Duty to honor or principle stands in the way of achievement.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of relief.
Threatened with expulsion from an organization.
Duty to country stands in the way of fortune.
An innocent person is accused of having cheated.
Kidnapping is the result of mistaken identity.
Position is threatened by revolt against authority.
Threatened with expulsion from an institution.
Abduction is threatened by ransom seekers.
There is a threatened revolt against oppression. 
Duty to religion stands in the way of position.
An innocent person is accused of being a spy.
Health is threatened by revolt against authority.
Threatened with banishment by a tyrant ruler.
Duty to a loved one stands in the way of liberty.
An innocent person is accused of being a deceiver.
Life is endangered by revolt against authority.
An achievement is threatened by a blackmailer.
Duty to country stands in the way of achievement.
There is a threatened revolt against authority.
Liberty is threatened by revolt against authority.
Duty to religion stands in the way of happiness.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of position.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of power.
Duty to a loved one stands in the way of achievement.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of riches.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of reward.
Duty to honor or principle stands in the way of fortune.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of fame.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of health.
Duty to honor or principle stands in the way of power.
Reward is threatened by a revolt against authority.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania endangers life.
Duty to honor or principle stands in way of health.
Power is threatened by revolt against authority.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of name.
An innocent person is accused of being a liar.
Duty to a loved one stands in way of fortune.
Name is threatened by a revolt against authority.
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of love. An innocent person is accused of being immoral. Duty to honor or principle stands in way of fame. Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of mind. Duty to a loved one stands in the way of advantage. 
Madness or mental derangement threatens loss of fame.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of name.
Life endangered by a strike.
There is a threatened mutiny.
Name is threatened by a boycott.
Mind is threatened by a blackmailer.
A race riot is threatened.
Abduction threatened by rivals.
Name is threatened by a strike.
Kidnapping is threatened by rivals.
Fame is threatened by a blackmailer.
Health is threatened by a race riot.
Liberty is threatened by a strike.
‘There is a threatened boycott.
Abduction is threatened by enemies.
Power is threatened by a strike.
Life is endangered by a boycott.
Name is threatened by a blackmailer.
There is a threatened class war.
Kidnapping is threatened by enemies.
Fortune is threatened by a strike.
Name is threatened by a race riot.
Relief is threatened by a blackmailer.
Position is threatened by a strike.
Power is threatened by a boycott.
Life is endangered by a race riot.
There is a threatened strike.
Power is threatened by a race riot.
Health is threatened by a boycott.
Love is threatened by a blackmailer.
Reward is threatened by a strike.
Health is threatened by a blackmailer.
There is a threatened religious upheaval.
Reward is threatened by a boycott. 
Life is endangered by a religious revolt.
Life is threatened by a blackmailer.
Advantage is threatened by a strike.
A loved one is threatened by a boycott.
Position is threatened by a race riot.
Power is threatened by a blackmailer.
Duty to country stands in way of name.
Position is threatened by a blackmailer.
Liberty is threatened by a boycott.
Advantage is threatened by a race riot.
Duty to country stands in way of power.
Injury is threatened by a blackmailer.
Power is threatened by a religious revolt.
Duty to country stands in way of health.
Duty to religion stands in way of name.
Duty to loved one stands in way of fame.
Reward is threatened by a blackmailer.
Advantage is threatened by a boycott.
Duty to country stands in way of love.
Health is threatened by a strike.
Duty to religion stands in way of reward.
Duty to country stands in way of happiness.
Fortune is threatened by a religious revolt.
Happiness is threatened by a blackmailer.
Duty to religion stands in the way of fame.
A loved one is threatened by a race riot.
Duty to a loved one stands in the way of power.
Duty to country stands in the way of liberty.
Duty to honor or principle stands in way of love.
Duty to religion stands in the way of power.
Fortune is threatened by a blackmailer.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of happiness.
Duty to a loved one stands in the way of love.
Duty to country stands in the way of position. 
Duty to religion stands in the way of advantage.
Duty to honor or principle stands in way of name.
Loved one is threatened by a blackmailer.
Position is threatened by a boycott.
Duty to country stands in way of fame.
Duty to religion stands in way of love.
Duty to loved one stands in way of name.
Duty to honor or principle stands in way of reward.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of achievement.
Advantage is threatened by a blackmailer.
Duty to country stands in way of reward.
Duty to a loved one stands in way of position.
Duty to religion stands in the way of health.
Liberty is threatened by a blackmailer.
Duty to country stands in way of advantage.
Duty to religion stands in way of fortune.
Duty to a loved one stands in way of health.
Fortune is threatened by a boycott.
Duty to religion stands in the way of liberty.
Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of liberty.
Fortune is threatened by a race riot.
Duty to a loved one stands in the way of happiness.
Reward is threatened by a race riot.
A loved one is threatened by a strike.
Liberty is threatened by a race riot. 