Desired fortune opposed by enemies.
Relief from stigma opposed by rivals.
Desired liberty opposed by suspicion.
A strike is threatened by poverty.
Desired health opposed by enemies.
Relief from habit opposed by friends.
A strike is threatened by insult.
Desired liberty opposed by rivals.
A mutiny is threatened by enemies.
A race war is threatened by rivals.
Relief from stigma opposed by friends.
Desired power opposed by rivals.
Relief from habit opposed by rivals.
A feud is threatened by enemies.
A boycott is threatened by rivals.
Desired fortune opposed by friends.
Relief from stigma opposed by enemies.
A feud is threatened by rivals.
A mutiny is threatened by poverty.
Desired liberty opposed by distance.
Relief from stigma opposed by poverty.
A revolution is threatened by rivals.
A mutiny is threatened by insult.
Desired power opposed by enemies.
A race war is threatened by insult.
Relief from pursuit opposed by rivals.
Desired fortune opposed by distance.
A boycott is threatened by insult.
Relief from stigma opposed by distance.
Desired health opposed by rivals.
Relief from pursuit opposed by friends. 
A feud is threatened by poverty
Desired power opposed by suspicion.
A mutiny is threatened by rivals. Relief from injury opposed by rivals.
A boycott is threatened by enemies.
Desired position opposed by rivals.
A race war is threatened by poverty.
Desired fortune opposed by suspicion.
Relief from sickness opposed by rivals.
A feud is threatened by oppression.
Desired liberty opposed by friends.
Relief from sickness opposed by enemies.
A feud is threatened by ignorance.
Desired fortune opposed by rivals.
Relief from habit opposed by poverty.
A boycott is threatened by poverty.
A race war is threatened by enemies.
Desired power opposed by friends.
Relief from stigma opposed by suspicion.
Desired liberty opposed by enemies.
Relief from sickness opposed by poverty.
A feud is threatened by superstition.
A revolution is threatened by poverty.
A boycott is threatened by ignorance.
A mutiny is threatened by superstition.
Desired position opposed by enemies.
Relief from sickness opposed by friends.
A mutiny is threatened by ignorance.
A revolution is threatened by insult.
Relief from suit opposed by poverty.
Desired power opposed by distance.
A revolution is threatened by enemies.
Desired position opposed by distance. 
A boycott is threatened by superstition.
Desired position opposed by suspicion.
Relief from pursuit opposed by suspicion.
A mutiny is threatened by persecution.
A race war is threatened by ignorance.
Relief from oppression opposed by rivals.
Desired information opposed by friends.
Desired fame opposed by rivals.
A feud is threatened by insult.
Desired health opposed by friends.
A strike is threatened by enemies.
Desired fame opposed by distance.
A feud is threatened by persecution.
Desired health opposed by distance.
A mutiny is threatened by oppression.
Desired fame opposed by suspicion.
A strike is threatened by rivals.
Desired fame opposed by enemies.
A strike is threatened by oppresion.
Desired fame opposed by friends.
A strike is threatened by ignorance.
A rebellion is threatened by rivals.
A feud is threatened by fatal ambition.
A race war is threatened by oppression.
Desired health opposed by suspicion.
A strike is threatened by persecution.
Desired information opposed by rivals.
A family revolt is threatened by insult.
A strike is threatened by fatal ambition.
A family revolt is threatened by poverty.
Desired approbation opposed by rivals.
A rebellion is threatened by insult.
Desired fame opposed by danger to life. 
A rebellion is threatened by poverty.
A family revolt is threatened by rivals.
Desired position opposed by friends.
Desired power opposed by danger to life.
Relief from prosecution opposed by rivals.
A rebellion is threatened by superstition.
Desired power opposed by legal procedure.
Relief from oppression opposed by enemies.
Desired liberty opposed by danger to life.
Relief by pursuit opposed by enemies.
A race war is threatened by fatal ambition.
Desired liberty opposed by legal procedure.
Relief from oppression opposed by friends.
A rebellion is threatened by ignorance.
Relief from pursuit opposed by distance.
Desired liberty opposed by duty to country.
A family revolt is threatened by enemies.
A strike is threatened by superstition.
Desired fame opposed by lack of money.
A rebellion is threatened by oppression.
Relief from sickness opposed by distance.
Desired fortune opposed by lack of money.
Relief from sickness opposed by suspicion.
Relief from habit opposed by distance.
A race war is threatened by persecution.
A boycott is threatened by oppression.
Desired information opposed by enemies.
Desired approbation opposed by suspicion.
Relief from injury opposed by friends.
A mutiny is threatened by fatal ambition.
A battle of sexes is threatened by insult.
A revolution is threatened by persecution.
Relief from oppression opposed by poverty. 
Desired liberty opposed by lack of money.
A race war is threatened by superstition.
A battle of sexes is threatened by rivals.
A boycott is threatened by persecution.
Relief from oppression opposed by distance.
Desired power opposed by duty to country.
Relief from oppression opposed by suspicion.
Desired information opposed by distance.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by rivals.
Desired liberty opposed by duty to religion.
A rebellion is threatened by persecution.
A family revolt is threatened by ignorance.
Desired fortune opposed by danger to life.
Relief from habit opposed by suspicion.
A rebellion is threatened by loss of liberty.
Desired health opposed by danger to life.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by enemies.
A rebellion is threatened by enemies.
Desired power opposed by lack of money.
A strike is threatened by duty to country.
A rebellion is threatened by fatal ambition.
Relief from habit opposed by enemies.
A feud is threatened by duty to country.
Desired power epposed by false accusation.
Relief from injury opposed by suspicion.
A strike is threatened by loss of liberty.
A family revolt is threatened by superstition.
A rebellion is threatened by duty to country.
Desired fortune opposed by legal procedure.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by friends.
Desired liberty opposed by mental weakness.
A boycott is threatened by fatal ambition. A mutiny is threatened by duty to country. 
A feud is threatened by duty to loved ones.
A battle of sexes is threatened by poverty.
Desired power opposed by duty to religion.
Relief from injury opposed by poverty.
A mutiny is threatened by loss of liberty.
A race war is threatened by physical suffering.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by distance.
Desired position opposed by lack of money.
Desired fame opposed by duty to religion.
Relief from injury opposed by distance.
A revolution is threatened by oppression.
A religious uprising is threatened by insult.
Desired home or refuge opposed by friends.
Relief from persecution by rivals.
Desired accomplishment opposed by enemies.
Relief from persecution opposed by enemies.
Desired approbation opposed by distance. 
Relief from persecution opposed by poverty.
A boycott is threatened by duty to country.
Desired home or refuge opposed by suspicion.
A revolution is threatened by ignorance.
Desired accomplishment opposed by rivals.
A battle of sexes is threatened by enemies.
Desired approbation opposed by friends.
Relief from injury opposed by enemies.
Desired home or refuge opposed by enemies.
Relief from persecution opposed by distance.
A feud is threatened by duty to religion.
Desired home or refuge opposed by distance. 
Relief from prosecution opposed by enemies.
Desired health is opposed by lack of money.
Relief from injury opposed by danger to life.
A feud is threatened by unjust accusation.
Relief from stigma opposed by danger to life.
A feud is threatened by physical suffering.
A revolution is threatened by superstition.
Desired accomplishment is opposed by distance.
A boycott is threatened by mental derangement.
Desired liberty is opposed by false accusation.
Relief from prosecution opposed by friends.
Desired power opposed by mental weakness.
Relief from prosecution opposed by poverty.
A mutiny is threatened by mental derangement.
Desired position opposed by danger to life.
Relief from persecution opposed by suspicion.
A mutiny is threatened by duty to religion.
Desired power opposed by physical weakness.
A boycott is threatened by loss of liberty.
A mutiny is threatened by unjust accusation.
Desired fortune opposed by duty to country.
Relief from pursuit opposed by danger to life.
A revolution is threatened by duty to country.
Desired fortune opposed by duty to religion.
Relief from stigma opposed by legal procedure.
Desired liberty opposed by lack of information.
Desired fortune opposed by inclement weather.
Relief from habit opposed by danger to life.
Desired fortune opposed by mental incapacity.
A boycott is threatened by duty to religion.
Desired power opposed by lack of influence.
A boycott is threatened by physical suffering.
Desired fortune opposed by false accusation. 
A mutiny is threatened by duty to loved ones.
Desired fortune opposed by lack of information.
A battle of sexes is threatened by ignorance.
Desired liberty opposed by inclement weather.
Relief from sickness opposed by danger to life.
Desired fortune opposed by duty to loved ones.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by suspicion.
A race war is threatened by loss of liberty.
Desired power opposed by lack of facilities.
A race war is threatened by duty to country.
Desired power opposed by inclement weather.
A boycott is threatened by unjust accusation.
Desired position opposed by inclement weather.
Desired health opposed by legal procedure.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by poverty.
A feud is threatened by mental derangement.
Desired fortune opposed by lack of influence.
Relief from sickness opposed by legal procedure.
Desired liberty opposed by lack of influence.
Relief from stigma opposed by mental weakness.
Desired position opposed by mental weakness.
A mutiny is threatened by physical suffering.
Desired power opposed by lack of information.
Desired liberty opposed by lack of facilities.
Relief from persecution opposed by friends.
A boycott is threatened by duty to loved ones.
Desired fortune opposed by physical incapacity.
Relief from pursuit opposed by mental weakness.
A revolution is threatened by fatal ambition.
Desired liberty opposed by duty to loved ones.
Relief from pursuit opposed by legal procedure.
Desired fortune opposed by lack of facilities.
Relief from injury opposed by mental weakness.
A strike is threatened by duty to religion.
Desired power opposed by duty to loved ones.
Relief from injury opposed byduty to country.
A revolution is threatened by mental derangement.
Desired position opposed by physical weakness.
Relief from habit opposed by legal procedure.
A battle of sexes is threatened by persecution.
Relief from injury opposed by legal procedure.
Desired position opposed by lack of information.
Relief from injury opposed by false accusation.
A race war is threatened by duty to religion.
Desired position opposed by lack of influence.
Relief from stigma opposed by false accusation.
Desired position opposed by duty to country.
Desired health opposed by false accusation.
A boycott is threatened by unjust discrimination.
Desired information opposed by lack of money.
Desired fame opposed by lack of influence.
Desired health opposed by duty to country.
Desired information opposed by suspicion.
A strike is threatened by physical suffering.
Desired information opposed by danger to life.
Relief from prosecution opposed by suspicion.
Desired fame opposed by mental weakness.
Desired accomplishment opposed by friends.
Desired liberty opposed by physical weakness.
Relief from oppression opposed by legal procedure.
Desired accomplishment opposed by suspicion.
Desired fame opposed by physical weakness.
Desired health opposed by mental weakness.
Desired position opposed by duty to religion.
Relief from stigma opposed by duty to country.
Relief from habit opposed by duty to loved ones. 
 A revolution is threatened by physical suffering.
Relief from stigma opposed by inclement weather.
Desired fame opposed by duty to country.
Desired information opposed by lack of clue.
Desired health opposed by lack of information.
Desired position opposed by lack of facilities.
Relief from pursuit opposed by weakness.
Desired fame opposed by lack of information.
Desired health opposedby inclement weather.
A battle of sexes is threatened by oppression.
Desired position opposed by duty to loved ones.
Desired fame opposed by legal procedure.
A feud is threatened by loss of liberty.
Desired fame opposed by false accusation.
Desired position opposed by legal procedure.
Desired approbation opposed by danger to life.
Relief from sickness opposed by mental weakness.
Desired position opposed by false accusation.
A feud is threatened by unjust discrimination.
Desired home or refuge opposed by rivals.
Desired health opposed by physical weakness.
Desired fame opposed by lack of facilities.
A revolution is threatened by loss of liberty.
Desired fame opposed by duty to loved ones.
Relief from stigma opposed by lack of influence.
A feud is threatened by danger to life or health.
Desired information opposed by duty to country.
A rebellion is threatened by duty to religion.
Relief from pursuit opposed by false accusations.
Desired approbation opposed by lack of money.
A race war is threatened by duty to loved ones.
Desired fame opposed by inclement weather.
Desired information opposed by mental weakness. 
Desired approbation opposed by enemies.
A revolution is threatened by duty to loved ones.
A strike is threatened by unjust accusation.
Desired health opposed by lack of influence.
Relief from sickness opposed by duty to religion.
Desired information opposed by legal procedure.
Desired health opposed by duty to loved ones.
Relief from sickness opposed by false accusation.
Desired approbation opposed by legal procedure.
Relief from stigma opposed by lack of facilities.
A revolution is threatened by physical suffering.
Relief from habit opposed by inclement weather.
A revolution is threatened by duty to religion.
Relief from habit opposed by false accusation.
Desired health opposed by lack of facilities.
Relief from sickness opposed by duty to loved ones.
A race war is threatened by mental derangement.
Relief from stigma opposed by duty to religion.
Desired health opposed by duty to religion.
Desired approbation opposed by false accusation.
A race war is threatened by unjust accusation.
Relief from sickness opposed by inclement weather.
Relief from injury opposed by duty to religion.
A battle of sexes is threatened by superstition.
Desired approbation opposed by duty to religion.
Relief from pursuit opposed by duty to religion.
Relief from prosecution opposed by distance.
A rebellion is threatened by unjust accusation.
Desired approbation opposed by mental weakness.
Relief from sickness opposed by lack of influence.
A strike is threatened by mental derangement.
Desired approbation opposed by duty to country.
Relief from oppression opposed by legal procedure. 
Relief from pursuit opposed by duty to country.
A family revolt is threatened by persecution.
A religious uprising is threatened by poverty. 
A religious uprising is threatened by rivals.
A battle of sexes is threatened by danger to life or health.
Desired home or refuge opposed by lack of facilities.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by physicalweakness.
Desired vengeance against a cheater opposed by enemies.
Desired approbation opposed by lack of information.
Relief from oppression opposed by duty to religion.
Obliged to risk life in an effort to undertake a dangerous mission.
Desired vengeance against race, nation, or clan opposed by enemies.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by lack of influence.
Desired information opposed by physical weakness.
Relief from oppression opposed by danger to life.
A mutiny is threatened by unjust discrimination.
Obliged to risk liberty in an effort to apprehend a criminal.
Desired accomplishment opposed by false accusation.
A battle of sexes is threatened by unjust discrimination.
Obliged to risk life in an effort to engage in battle.
Relief from stigma opposed by lack of information.
A mutiny is threatened by danger to life or health.
A battle of sexes is threatened by loss of liberty.
Obliged to risk life in an effort to apprehend a criminal.
Desired home or refuge opposed by lack of information.
Relief from unjust accusation opposed by duty to loved ones. 
Obliged to risk honor in an effort to brave a storm or cataclysm.
Desired information opposed by inclement weather.
Relief from pursuit opposed by lack of information.
A family revolt is threatened by fatal ambition.
Obliged to risk friendship in an effort to prove one’s strength.
Desired vengeance against race, nation or clan opposed by rivals.
Relief from unjust accusation opposed by lack of facilities.
Desired approbation opposed by physical weakness.
Relief from sickness opposed by duty to country.
Obliged to prevent a terrible injustice opposed by danger to life.
A family revolt is threatened by duty to country.
A boycott is threatened by danger to life or health.
Obliged to risk health in an effort to brave deep waters.
Desired vengeance against opposite sex opposed by enemies.
Desired accomplishment opposed by lack of facilities.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by enemies.
Relief from pursuit opposed by lack of facilities.
Desired accomplishment opposed by danger to life.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by distance.
Desired information opposed by lack of influence.
Relief from pursuit opposed by duty to loved ones.
A race war is threatened by danger to life or health.
Obliged to risk health in an effort to brave an air voyage.
Desired vengeance against a rival in love opposed by rivals.
Desired home or refuge opposed by inclement weather.
Relief from opprossion opposed by false accusation.
A race war is threatened by unjust discrimination.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by rivals.
Desired home or refuge opposed by physical weakness.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by lack of information. 
A rebellion is threatened by danger to life or health.
Desired vengeance against a rival in love opposed by enemies.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by friends.
A battle of sexes is threatened by duty to loved ones.
Relief from imprisonment is opposed by lack of facilities.
Obliged to risk health in an effort to overthrow a monarch.
Relief from pursuit opposed by inclement weather.
Desired information opposed by duty to loved ones.
Relief from habit opposed by mental weakness.
Obliged to risk honor in an effort to put down a rebellion.
Desired approbation opposed by duty to loved ones.
Relief from stigma opposed by physical weakness.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by poverty.
Relief from sickness opposed by lack of information.
A religious uprising is threatened by loss of liberty.
Desired information opposed by duty to religion.
Relief from sickness opposed by physical weakness.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by lack of information.
Desired vengeance against race, nation, or clan opposed by poverty.
A battle of sexes is threatened by mental derangement.
Relief from prosecution opposed by danger to life.
Desired accomplishment opposed by duty to religion.
Obliged to solve a mysterious crime opposed by enemies.
A family revolt is threatened by unjust discrimination.
Desired information opposed by false accusation.
Relief from sickness opposed by lack of facilities.
A strike is threatened by unjust discrimination.
A battle of sexes is threatened by fatal ambition.
Obliged to risk honor in an effort to overthrow a monarch.
Relief from oppression opposed by lack of information.
Desired information opposed by lack of facilities. 
Relief from imprisonment opposed by duty to country.
A strike is threatened by duty to loved ones.
Obliged to risk honor in an effort to engage in battle.
A battle of sexes is threatened by unjust accusation.
Obliged to solve a mysterious crime opposed by rivals.
Relief from prosecution opposed by legal procedure.
Desired approbation opposed by lack of faciilties.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by duty to loved ones.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by mental weakness.
Desired vengeance against race, nation or clan opposed by friends.
A religious uprising is threatened by unjust discrimination.
Relief from unjust accusation opposed by lack of information.
Desired approbation opposed by lack of influence.
A rebellion is threatened by physical suffering.
Relief from oppression opposed by physical weakness.
Desired home or refuge opposed by duty to country.
Obliged to solve a mysterious crime opposed by friends.
A rebellion is threatened by unjust discrimination.
Desired accomplishment opposed by legal procedure.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by inclement weather.
Obliged to recover lost valuables opposed by distance.
A religious uprising is threatened by duty to country.
Obliged to risk love in an effort to overthrow a monarch.
Desired home or refuge opposed by mental weakness.
Relief from oppression opposed by inclement weather.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by suspicion.
A strike is threatened by danger to life or health.
A religious uprising is threatened by duty to loved ones.
Obliged to risk honor in an effort to brave an air voyage.
Desired accomplishment opposed by physical weakness.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by duty to religion.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by duty to country.
A religious uprising is threatened by danger to life or health.
Obliged to risk life in an effort to capture a vicious animal.
Desired vengeance against race, nation or clan opposed by distance.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by inclement weather.
Desired home or refuge opposed by lack of money.
A battle of sexes is threatened by duty to country.
Obliged to risk life in an effort to rescue an unfortunate.
Desired vengeance against the opposite sex opposed by danger to life.
Obliged to solve a mysterious crime opposed by duty to religion.
Desired vengeance against race, nation or clan opposed by physical weakness.
Obliged to restore health or happiness to a loved one opposed by distance.
Desired vengeance against a cheater opposed by danger to life.
Relief from unjust accusation opposed by inclement weather.
Desired home or refuge opposed by duty to religion.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by danger to life.
Desired accomplishment opposed by duty to country.
Obliged to recover lost valuables opposed by rivals.
A family revolt is threatened by duty to religion.
Desired approbation opposed by inclement weather.
Relief from imprisonment opposed by legal procedure.
Desired home or refuge opposed by false accusation.
A family revolt is threatened by duty to loved ones. 
Relief from pursuit opposed by lack of influence.
Desired home or refuge opposed by danger to life.
Relief from oppression opposed by duty to country.
Obliged to recover lost valuables opposed by friends.
A revolution is threatened by unjust accusation.
A family revolt is threatened by oppression.
A religious uprising is threatened by enemies.
A rebellion is threatened by mental derangement.
Relief from stigma opposed by duty to loved ones.
Desired accomplishment opposed by lack of money.
Relief from oppression opposed by mental weakness.
Relief from habit opposed by duty to religion.
A religious uprising is threatened by oppression.
A rebellion is threatened by duty to loved ones.
Relief from habit opposed by duty to country.
A family revolt is threatened by loss of liberty.
Relief from unjust accusation opposed by distance.
Relief from injury opposed by physical weakness.
A battle of sexes is threatened by physical suffering.
Obliged to recover lost valuables opposed by duty to country.
Desired vengeance against a law breaker opposed by enemies.
Relief from prosecution opposed by lack of information.
Desired accomplishment opposed by duty to loved ones.
A revolution is threatened by danger to life or health.
Obliged to identify an unknown person opposed by suspicion.
Desired vengeance against a law breaker opposed by friends.
Relief from prosecution opposed by physical weakness.
Desired accomplishment opposed by lack of influence.
Obliged to recover lost valuables opposed by danger to life.
Obliged to risk liberty in an effort to rescue an unfortunate.
Relief from unjust accusation opposed by physical weakness. Desired accomplishment opposed by inclement weather. Relief from oppression opposed by lack of facilities. 
Obliged to restore health or happiness to a loved one opposed by physical weakness.
Obliged to prevent a catastrophe opposed by false accusation.
Obliged to identify an unknown person opposed by duty to loved ones.
Obliged to risk happiness in an effort to apprehend a criminal.
Obliged to risk name in an effort to escape imprisonment.
Obliged to risk liberty in an effort to brave mental destruction.
Obliged to prevent a terrible injustice opposed by friends.
Obliged to prevent a crime or injury opposed by lack of information.
Obliged to identify an unknown person opposed by physical weakness.
Obliged to solve a mysterious crime opposed by lack of influence.
Obliged to recover lost information or clue opposed by duty to loved ones.
Desired vengeance against a law breaker opposed by danger to life.
Relief from unjust accusation opposed by mental weakness.
Desired vengeance against an insulter opposed by poverty.
Obliged to recover a lost person opposed by legal procedure.
Obliged to identify an unknown person opposed by mental weakness.
Obliged to prevent a crime or injury opposed by duty to loved ones.
Obliged to risk friendship in an effort to destroy a government.
Obliged to risk name in an effort to brave mental destruction.
Obliged to risk liberty in an effort to put down a rebellion.
Obliged to solve a mystery or phenomenon opposed by phys- ical weakness. 
Obliged to prevent a catastrophe opposed by mental weakness.
Obliged to identify an unknown person opposed by lack of influence.
Desired vengeance against a rival in love opposed by physical weakness.
Obliged to risk love in an effort to brave a terrible disease.
Obliged to risk life in an effort to brave a maniac or insane person.
Obliged to solve a mystery or phenomenon opposed by suspicion.
Obliged to prevent a catastrophe opposed by legal procedure.
Obliged to recover lost information or clue opposed by lack of facilities.
Desired vengeance against one who has damaged good name opposed by inclement weather.
Relief from injury opposed by duty to loved ones.
Obliged to risk fortune in an effort to overthrow a monarch.
Obliged to solve a mystery or phenomenon opposed by duty to loved ones.
Desired vengeance against one who has caused loss of valuables opposed by danger to life.
Obliged to risk position in an effort to undertake a dangerous mission.
Obliged to prevent a crime or injury opposed by duty to religion.
Obliged to solve a mysterious crime opposed by poverty .
Desired vengeance against a cheater opposed by distance.
Obliged to recover lost information or clue opposed by inclement weather.
Desired vengeance against one who has damaged good name opposed by false accusation.
Obliged to risk liberty in an effort to capture a vicious animal.
Obliged to risk fortune in an effort to brave a terrible disease.
Obliged to risk love in an effort to prove one’s strength.
Obliged to risk liberty in an effort to destroy a government.
Obliged to recover lost valuables opposed by duty to religion.
Desired vengeance against a cheater opposed by friends.
Relief from prosecution opposed by lack of facilities.
Obliged to risk love in an effort to destroy a government.
Obliged to prevent a catastrophe opposed by rivals.
Desired vengeance against one who has caused injury opposed by inclement weather.
Obliged to risk name in an effort to brave a maniac or insane person.
Obliged to risk liberty in an effort to rescue a loved one.
Obliged to identify an unknown person opposed by distance.
Relief from prosecution opposed by lack of influence.
Obliged to risk love in an effort to put down a rebellion.
Obliged to risk fortune in an effort to expose a vicious ring.
Obliged to risk name in an effort to brave a terrible disease.
Obliged to risk life in an effort to brave an air voyage.
Obliged to risk honor in an effort to capture a vicious animal.
Obliged to risk liberty in an effort to prove one’s strength.
Desired vengeance against a law breaker opposed by poverty.
Relief from prosecution opposed by mental weakness.
Desired vengeance against one who has caused loss of valuables opposed by distance.
Relief from unjust accusation opposed by poverty.
Obliged to risk name in an effort to rescue an unfortunate.
Obliged to risk love in an effort to brave deep waters.
Obliged to risk fortune in an effort to destroy a government.
Obliged to prevent crime or injury opposed by poverty. Obliged to solve a mystery or phenomenon opposed by friends. Desired vengeance against a cheater opposed by rivals.
Relief from persecution opposed by duty to religion. 
 